update users list on docs homepage (#2175)
opendp/opendp: docs/source/index.rst

Some of the applications of OpenDP in healthcare, government, and tech include:

> * The `Swiss Federal Statistical Office <https://www.bfs.admin.ch/bfs/en/home.html>`_ used OpenDP to `release income statistics <https://www.bfs.admin.ch/bfs/en/home/dscc/blog/2024-02-opendp.html>`_ with their `Lomas <https://github.com/dscc-admin-ch/lomas>`_ platform.

Reviewer: I think these were done separately.
```suggestion
* The `Swiss Federal Statistical Office <https://www.bfs.admin.ch/bfs/en/home.html>`_ used OpenDP to `release income statistics <https://www.bfs.admin.ch/bfs/en/home/dscc/blog/2024-02-opendp.html>`_ and has built `Lomas <https://github.com/dscc-admin-ch/lomas>`_, a platform for remote data science that integrates with OpenDP.
```
